ResCafé mini-Manual
v1.2.5

Loading:
   To start with you can give a file to open on the command line or
   'Open' it from the menu. The 'Close' item lets you close the currently
   displayed file.

Viewing;
   The 'Type' menu lets you look at either
   - Only the Resource Types for which Handler Plugins were registered
   - ALL the Resources loaded

Saving
   The 'File' menu lets you save:
   - Only the Resource Types for which Handler Plugins were registered
     Each Handler can save its Resources in its own particular format.
   - ALL the Resources loaded; unhandled types simply have their byte
     data dumped (Big-endian) to files
   - The currently displayed Type. Again unhandled types simply have
     their data dumped (Big-endian) to files
	

   When saving, you are asked for a top level directory name, under which
all the Resources are saved. Under that directory, a directory for each
type will be made e.g. 'ICON' or 'ALRT'. All Resources of that type will
be saved under that dir.

Plugins may also offer their own special save methods but the top menu
save should work as detailed above. Also some of the included plugins
may render their types in some special graphical way, but still save
simply as raw bytes. This could be attributed to programmer laziness

Other:
   The 'Handlers' menu has items for:
   - Rescanning the plugins directory to rebuild a more up-to-date
     handler list. This allows you to recompile and install plugins
     w/o having to restart the application.
   - Listing handlers and types. Right now these dump to console
     stdout but maybe I'll put them in windows. They list all the
     handled types and which classes are doing the handling, and
     all registered handlers and which types they can handle.
     (Kinda confusing).

   The 'Documents' menu:
   - lists all currently open Resource Files
   - checks off the currently displayed file
   - allows for switching between files

   The 'Help' menu has items for:
   - Throwing up a little blurb about the app.
   - Showing some info and the handled types of the currently
     displayed handler frame.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
$Id: MANUAL,v 1.1 2000/07/15 20:45:08 gbsmith Exp gbsmith $
